---
layout: page
title: Terms of Use
permalink: /terms-of-use/
description:
---
[mk_page_section][vc_column][mk_fancy_title size="50" force_font_size="true" size_smallscreen="20" size_tablet="20" font_weight="400" txt_transform="uppercase" font_family="none" align="center"]Terms of Use[/mk_fancy_title][vc_separator border_width="2"][vc_column_text]TERMS OF USE

Team Business requires that all visitors to this World Wide Web site owned, operated, licensed, and controlled by Team Business adhere to the following Terms of Use. By accessing and using the Team Business Site, you indicate your acknowledgement and acceptance of these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, you should not use the Team Business Site. Team Business may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the site at any time, including the availability of any feature, database or content. Team Business may also impose limits on certain features and services and/or restrict your access to parts or all of the site without notice or liability of any kind. The terms and conditions of a Team Business client's service agreement for any portion of the site will control in the event of any provisions that may conflict with these Terms of Use.

Restrictions on Use
All the Web products and services, information, materials, data, images, graphics, sounds and other components on the Team Business LLC Site (the "Contents") are copyrighted and owned or controlled by Team Business LLC unless otherwise noted. Any unauthorized use of the Contents on the Team Business LLC site may violate copyright, trademark and other laws and intellectual property rights of Team Business LLC or third parties.

Restriction of Liability
TEAM BUSINESS LLC WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY ANY MATERIALS OR SOFTWARE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, OR LINE FAILURE. TEAM BUSINESS LLC WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE, EVEN IF THERE IS NEGLIGENCE OR EVEN IF TEAM BUSINESS LLC OR AN AUTHORIZED TEAM BUSINESS LLC REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES TEAM BUSINESS LLC’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL LOSSES, DAMAGES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (IN CONTRACT, TORT [INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY AND STRICT LIABILITY], OR OTHERWISE) WILL NOT BE GREATER THAN THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO ACCESS THIS SITE.

Submissions
All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other information communicated to Team Business LLC through the Team Business LLC  Site (together, the "Submission") will become upon communication and will forever be the property of Team Business  LLC. Team Business LLC will not be required to treat any Submission as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas for its business (including, without limitation, product or advertising ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in future Team Business LLC operations or Contents. Without limitation, Team Business LLC will have exclusive ownership of all present and future existing rights to the Submission of every kind and nature everywhere. Except as noted below in this paragraph, Team Business LLC will be entitled to use the Submission for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever without compensation to you or any other person sending the Submission. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Team Business LLC harmless for any liability arising due to the use or distribution of those materials. You further grant Team Business LLC the right to use your name in connection with the reproduction or distribution of such material.

Personally identifiable information that may be received at the Team Business LLC Site is provided voluntarily by a visitor to the Team Business LLC Site and is governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy. You acknowledge that you are responsible for whatever material you submit, and you, not Team Business LLC, have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law. If applicable, Team Business LLC reserves the right to delete, move or edit messages that it, in its sole discretion, deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of copyright or trademark laws, or otherwise unacceptable, and you waive any moral rights you may have in having the material altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you.

Jurisdiction
Except as otherwise described, all Contents on the Team Business LLC Site are made available only to provide information about Team Business LLC and its services. Team Business LLC controls and operates the "Teambusiness.com" and “Teambusinessusa.com” sites and makes no representation that the Contents on such Team Business LLC Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use the Team Business LLC Site from a location other than the location where the site is controlled and operated, you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.

Disclaimer
The Contents on the Team Business LLC Site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Also, Team Business LLC may make changes or improvements to the Team Business LLC Site at any time. THE CONTENTS ON THE Team Business LLC Site ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW. TEAM BUSINESS LLC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TEAM BUSINESS LLC DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE CONTENTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE TEAM BUSINESS LLC SITE, OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THEM AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. TEAM BUSINESS LLC DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE CONTENTS ON THE TEAM BUSINESS LLC SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. TEAM BUSINESS LLC MAKES NO COMMITMENT TO UPDATE THE MATERIALS ON THE TEAM BUSINESS LLC SITE. YOU (AND NOT TEAM BUSINESS LLC) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES.

Termination
Team Business LLC or you may terminate this agreement at any time. You may terminate this agreement by destroying all materials obtained from the Team Business LLC Site and all related documentation. Team Business LLC may terminate this agreement immediately without notice if, in its sole judgment, you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this site and all related documentation. You may not access this site after termination of this agreement without the written approval of Team Business LLC, provided, however, that Team Business LLC shall retain all rights, including all copyright rights and the right to use Submissions as provided herein, and the limitations on use and treatment of the Contents shall remain in full force.

Linked Sites
The Team Business LLC Site includes links to other sites, which are not maintained by Team Business LLC. Team Business LLC is not responsible for the content of those sites and makes no representations whatsoever concerning the content or accuracy of, opinions expressed in or other links provided by, such other sites. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by Team Business LLC of the sites or any products or services referred to therein. Team Business LLC may terminate a link at any time. The terms of use and privacy policies applicable to such sites may be different from those applicable to the Team Business LLC Site. If you decide to access any third party site linked to the Team Business LLC Site, you do so entirely at your own risk and Team Business LLC shall have no liability for any loss or damage arising from your use of any such site.

Linking and Logo Policy
By linking to any page on the Team Business LLC Site, you hereby agreed to be bound by the following terms and conditions. Except as provided in this paragraph, Team Business LLC prohibits site caching, the use or posting of unauthorized hypertext links to the Team Business LLC Site and the framing of any Content available through the Team Business  LLC Site. You may link to the Team Business LLC Site only via the Site's home page (i.e., www.teambusiness.com) or a designated gateway page. A gateway page is any page that is the first and primary page that serves as a starting point to a significant body of content. Links can be by text only and may only read "Team Business LLC" Images of the Team Business LLC logo can only be used for link purposes and can only be made with the express written permission of Team Business LLC. Any requests for such permission or for permission to link to the Team Business LLC Site in a manner other than as permitted in the preceding paragraph should be addressed to Team Business LLC, 1410 Belt Street, Baltimore, MD 21230. Tel: 410 837 1477. By linking to the Team Business LLC Site, you acknowledge and agree that, other than as set forth herein, all rights to the Team Business LLC Trademarks or service marks used on the Team Business LLC Site, the Content appearing on the Team Business LLC Site and the design of the Team Business LLC Site belong to Team Business LLC. You must not misrepresent your relationship with Team Business LLC or present false or misleading impressions about Team Business LLC. No links to the Team Business LLC Site may be used in a manner that implies or suggests that Team Business LLC approves or endorses you, your website or your goods and services (in all cases, except as Team Business LLC may have agreed separately with you in writing). Team Business LLC shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your website. You agree to indemnify and defend Team Business LLC against all claims arising out of or based upon your website. No link(s) may appear on any page on your website or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights. Team Business LLC reserves the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to the Team Business LLC Site from your website. This is not a license, but subject to your compliance with the above terms, Team Business LLC agrees to grant you the use of the "Team Business LLC " name solely for the purpose of establishing a link to the Team Business LLC Site as permitted hereunder. Except for the limited permission to use the "Team Business LLC" name as set forth in this paragraph, you may not use any of Team Business 's trademarks or service marks for any other purpose without the express written permission of Team Business LLC. Team Business LLC may at any time, in its sole discretion, without cause, withdraw the permission granted herein to use the "Team Business LLC" name and your right to link to any pages on the Team Business LLC Site. In such event upon request, you agree to immediately remove all links to the Team Business LLC Site and to cease using the "Team Business LLC " name for linking purposes. Thereafter, any future links to the Team Business LLC Site will require the express written permission of Team Business LLC. Team Business LLC reserves the right to amend these linking terms and conditions at any time. By continuing to link to the Team Business LLC Site, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms and conditions, as well as other legal terms of use and conditions on the Team Business LLC Site, as amended from time to time.

Miscellaneous
Team Business LLC may, without notice, revise these Terms of Use at any time by updating this posting. Your continued use of the Team Business LLC Site now, or following the posting of any changes or modifications, will indicate acceptance by you of such changes or modifications. These Terms of Use will be governed and be interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Maryland and the United States of America, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. If any part of these Terms of Use is declared unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use of the Team Business LLC Site for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of the Team Business LLC Site.

Trademarks
Team Business LLC owns trademarks shown throughout this website.  All rights are reserved.

REFUND AND CANCELLATION POLICY
Once registration and payment for the Team Business LLC programs are made, there is no refund available.  If cancellation of attendance is necessary, Team Business LLC will allow the full amount to be put towards registration of another future program.  Team Business LLC reserves the right to cancel a program for which there are insufficient registrations.  Fees paid will be refunded in full for any cancelled programs. Please note that Team Business LLC is not liable for any airfares that mat may have been paid for at the time of registration.[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/mk_page_section]
